{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red16\green40\blue66;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c21176\c32941;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh18000\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
DATASET INFORMATION\
Source:
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa266\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Kelwin Fernandes (kafc \'e2\'80\'98@\'e2\'80\'99 inesctec.pt, kelwinfc \'e2\'80\'99@\'e2\'80\'99 gmail.com) - INESC TEC, Porto, Portugal/Universidade do Porto, Portugal.\uc0\u8232 Pedro Vinagre (pedro.vinagre.sousa \'e2\'80\'99@\'e2\'80\'99 gmail.com) - ALGORITMI Research Centre, Universidade do Minho, Portugal\u8232 Paulo Cortez - ALGORITMI Research Centre, Universidade do Minho, Portugal\u8232 Pedro Sernadela - Universidade de Aveiro\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \strokec2 Data Set Information:
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa266\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 * The articles were published by Mashable (www.mashable.com) and their content as the rights to reproduce it belongs to them. Hence, this dataset does not share the original content but some statistics associated with it. The original content be publicly accessed and retrieved using the provided urls.\uc0\u8232 * Acquisition date: January 8, 2015\u8232 * The estimated relative performance values were estimated by the authors using a Random Forest classifier and a rolling windows as assessment method. See their article for more details on how the relative performance values were set.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \strokec2 Attribute Information:
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa266\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Number of Attributes: 61 (58 predictive attributes, 2 non-predictive, 1 goal field)\uc0\u8232 \u8232 Attribute Information:\u8232 0. url: URL of the article (non-predictive)\u8232 1. timedelta: Days between the article publication and the dataset acquisition (non-predictive)\u8232 2. n_tokens_title: Number of words in the title\u8232 3. n_tokens_content: Number of words in the content\u8232 4. n_unique_tokens: Rate of unique words in the content\u8232 5. n_non_stop_words: Rate of non-stop words in the content\u8232 6. n_non_stop_unique_tokens: Rate of unique non-stop words in the content\u8232 7. num_hrefs: Number of links\u8232 8. num_self_hrefs: Number of links to other articles published by Mashable\u8232 9. num_imgs: Number of images\u8232 10. num_videos: Number of videos\u8232 11. average_token_length: Average length of the words in the content\u8232 12. num_keywords: Number of keywords in the metadata\u8232 13. data_channel_is_lifestyle: Is data channel 'Lifestyle'?\u8232 14. data_channel_is_entertainment: Is data channel 'Entertainment'?\u8232 15. data_channel_is_bus: Is data channel 'Business'?\u8232 16. data_channel_is_socmed: Is data channel 'Social Media'?\u8232 17. data_channel_is_tech: Is data channel 'Tech'?\u8232 18. data_channel_is_world: Is data channel 'World'?\u8232 19. kw_min_min: Worst keyword (min. shares)\u8232 20. kw_max_min: Worst keyword (max. shares)\u8232 21. kw_avg_min: Worst keyword (avg. shares)\u8232 22. kw_min_max: Best keyword (min. shares)\u8232 23. kw_max_max: Best keyword (max. shares)\u8232 24. kw_avg_max: Best keyword (avg. shares)\u8232 25. kw_min_avg: Avg. keyword (min. shares)\u8232 26. kw_max_avg: Avg. keyword (max. shares)\u8232 27. kw_avg_avg: Avg. keyword (avg. shares)\u8232 28. self_reference_min_shares: Min. shares of referenced articles in Mashable\u8232 29. self_reference_max_shares: Max. shares of referenced articles in Mashable\u8232 30. self_reference_avg_sharess: Avg. shares of referenced articles in Mashable\u8232 31. weekday_is_monday: Was the article published on a Monday?\u8232 32. weekday_is_tuesday: Was the article published on a Tuesday?\u8232 33. weekday_is_wednesday: Was the article published on a Wednesday?\u8232 34. weekday_is_thursday: Was the article published on a Thursday?\u8232 35. weekday_is_friday: Was the article published on a Friday?\u8232 36. weekday_is_saturday: Was the article published on a Saturday?\u8232 37. weekday_is_sunday: Was the article published on a Sunday?\u8232 38. is_weekend: Was the article published on the weekend?\u8232 39. LDA_00: Closeness to LDA topic 0\u8232 40. LDA_01: Closeness to LDA topic 1\u8232 41. LDA_02: Closeness to LDA topic 2\u8232 42. LDA_03: Closeness to LDA topic 3\u8232 43. LDA_04: Closeness to LDA topic 4\u8232 44. global_subjectivity: Text subjectivity\u8232 45. global_sentiment_polarity: Text sentiment polarity\u8232 46. global_rate_positive_words: Rate of positive words in the content\u8232 47. global_rate_negative_words: Rate of negative words in the content\u8232 48. rate_positive_words: Rate of positive words among non-neutral tokens\u8232 49. rate_negative_words: Rate of negative words among non-neutral tokens\u8232 50. avg_positive_polarity: Avg. polarity of positive words\u8232 51. min_positive_polarity: Min. polarity of positive words\u8232 52. max_positive_polarity: Max. polarity of positive words\u8232 53. avg_negative_polarity: Avg. polarity of negative words\u8232 54. min_negative_polarity: Min. polarity of negative words\u8232 55. max_negative_polarity: Max. polarity of negative words\u8232 56. title_subjectivity: Title subjectivity\u8232 57. title_sentiment_polarity: Title polarity\u8232 58. abs_title_subjectivity: Absolute subjectivity level\u8232 59. abs_title_sentiment_polarity: Absolute polarity level\u8232 60. shares: Number of shares (target)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \strokec2 Relevant Papers:
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa266\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 K. Fernandes, P. Vinagre and P. Cortez. A Proactive Intelligent Decision Support System for Predicting the Popularity of Online News. Proceedings of the 17th EPIA 2015 - Portuguese Conference on Artificial Intelligence, September, Coimbra, Portugal.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf3 \strokec3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \strokec2 Citation Request:
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa266\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 K. Fernandes, P. Vinagre and P. Cortez. A Proactive Intelligent Decision Support System for Predicting the Popularity of Online News. Proceedings of the 17th EPIA 2015 - Portuguese Conference on Artificial Intelligence, September, Coimbra, Portugal.\
}